hello girls from how you can see me
I find here agazzi of commerce that one
square located near the Tagus river
and this square is commonly called
terriero do passo doesn't say so
but it means square of the building proper
because here before the earthquake it was
situated the ribeiro palace and they were
I remember well so I ca n't do much
important precisely in 1755
because of the earthquake it was
completely destroyed
subsequently this square was
rebuilt thanks to the order of
marquis com bal
as you can see behind me or
precisely whose needle
instead that really beautiful bridge
wonderful that you really like
well what's inside the envelope vi
I say that there will be two winners
then call immediately as a prize of the
second encyclical plan of the second
winner is the sexy hop record
surely you will know it all I was
however at the end of the video of the photos of the
the palette so you can come of
common goods now instead we move on to
prize of the first winner and the
the first winner's prize is the suite
indulgence this too certainly
you will know very well
yet this palette put you to
fine video of the photos where they rise
great colors and what's inside
what you have to do to participate in
this giveaway the rules are always the
same as me but you feel on
rule is to be inscribed in the
my channel I recommend
and if you want to click I like it on mine
facebook page the rule horns is that
to leave comments under this
video
obviously please do not leave the
comments like hello prize dots
try to leave gods anyway
Intense comments made and you don't
copy paste of comments is not right
nor respect for people
participate you ca n't write what
you want maybe give me some advice
on video, whatever you would like
see on the channel what you like
anything maybe products that
I like that right now
that you want the important thing anyway
they are complete sentences
the rule is to add this video to
favorite
then the way will start from when
this video will be online and will be on the 9th
December then until December 9th
you can leave comments on built
after that you must give yourself at least two
days to extract the
winner and sorry winners and
names of the winners will never come
below in the info box so you will find
the knicks that passed then I recommend
after December 9 back on this video
and you will see if maybe you are the ones
lucky type farm I found the
palettes within the very eye shadows
shimmer and inside we also find one
very intense black pencil the first
palette is composed of natural tones
the second from togni viola and the third from
tony blacks and grays
then we have nazaria small of primer e
cards with looks to make
we complain about this packaging
with shapes to the relief
I find this palette really very beautiful
for the texture of the eye shadows for them
writing and also for their course
pigmentation especially also for the
pencil that really very much valid
now let's move on to the indulgence suite e
how can you see a palette really
very very complete as in the
lower part we have products for
the face in the top of the products
for the eyes
as you can see the eye shadows are
very different we have both bio.medi shimmer
that of the impact eye shadows have of
colors very very pigmented
I too have this palette and therefore vi
I'll show you some tutorials
made with both vanes a
lower part instead of two
blush lands an illuminating one
card brush always with tea
duke is a large size of primer like
you can really see this palette
very nice I like it both for the
packaging but above all for the
completeness of the products inside vi
I send a big kiss and see you at
next video